.\" Manpage for OpenAI-Search.
.\" Contact nomardt@aol.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "16 January 2023" "1.0" "ais man page"
.SH NAME
ais \- interact with OpenAI API conveniently 
.SH SYNOPSIS
ais [Action Type] [Options]... {Your Query}
.SH DESCRIPTION
OpenAI-Search is a simple open source tool to interact with the OpenAI API. By default you interact with the completions endpoint which provides a simple but powerful interface to any of OpenAI's models. In plain English it means that you can enter a query and an AI will answer your question/create the text you've requested.

You can also enter the interactive mode by typing 'ais' in the terminal without any arguments. To exit use the ctrl + c keyboard shortcut or type quit (exit).

The tool can be used to generate images with OpenAI's DALL*E models (-i). The size of generated images is set to 1024x1024, you can specify the number of images to be generated.
.SH OPTIONS
-default Action Type (no flag):
    -t, --temp, --temperature
        Set the degree of randomness in output ('creativity')
                  (can only be between 0 and 1)

-Generate Image (add flag -i or --generate-image):
    -n
        Specify the number of images to be generated 
                  (not more than 10)

-Set New API Key (add flag -k or --key):
    no options available

-Help (add flag -h or --help):
    no options available
.SH SEE ALSO
https://beta.openai.com/docs/guides/
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHORS
Yaroslav Makarov  Maxim Sergeev

nomardt@aol.com   maxsergeev39@gmail.com
.SH SPECIAL THANKS TO
Ivan Rybin
